Hey, how are you? How are you?
pure nature is raining right
There are only five recipes in this video here.
talking about the bay leaf
in ancient times a crown of
gold sheets to represent were a
of the kings and emperors in the days of
today the far-off tradition continues
only to represent the conquest of the
athletes in sporting championships but
this does not interest us what we
It really matters the most benefits
signs of that leaf until the oil is oils
essential in the life of a man of
essential oils capable of healing and
diseases like pimples headache is
panic depression pain in the stomach was
regulates menstruation
respiration is the one of management when
Bad, she also deals with that.
various benefits and you will learn
much more over that video then
Let's go for our first recipe for
regular menstruation and improved
are sap a cup of water
take only two sheets of laurel
Ok inside and then you wait around
five minutes to you should two to three
times per day
okay let's go after the recipe for
of that year to increase the astral people
has a wonderful recipe
take a glass of water're three sheets of
Blonde you do what before Sunday
when 3d the other day the first
What you do is see this kota go
for our third recipe for
bruises and the process is a
little slower
we will need 250 ml of olive oil
it would be more or less half that claw
would be half that bottle of that 500
mL
Let's put a bowl like this
with a handful of bay leaves
resting with 15
You prefer to play, let it rest.
for 15 days and then we will paste and
pass the oil is from the lesions on the spine
now take the time to test for
see if you are not allergic
put the senna gagá on the elbow and there
do not give a reaction you enjoy it
the recipe is very good and let's go to 4th
recipe
if your problem is muscle pain
or flaccid muscles
we also have a good recipe for
take two liters of water put in the
pot and a handful of fresh leaves
Let's leave it boiling.
to apo 15 minutes after 15 minutes to
dedicated the water and bathe with it
You 'll see how good the effect is.
Now let's go to the recipe if you
want to clean the airways and
decrease headache
we have a good recipe let's breathe
the leaf the smoke of the bay leaf tá
With me here is a big leaf to
can not get hurt carefully
little we burn
I found a good pot for this a few times.
very cool, people do not know Thursday
recipe
I hope you have enjoyed it if you
It's like this video on facebook.
know more info click the link
above
If you have it, youtube, there's no problem.
click the link below
Do not forget to enjoy and share
with your friends write on our channel
to help work ok
do not forget www.koogle.co.il na 13a
dot com
thanks